When one is challenged to a power struggle, one must never allow oneself to be taken in.
Children do not become what their parents want them to become.
An adult who has chosen real freedom himself will not make such comments and will instead cheer on the will to be free.
Not wanting to be disliked is probably my task, but whether or not so-and-so dislikes me is the other person's task.
A sense of belonging is something that one can attain only by making an active commitment to the community of one's own accord, and not simply by being here.
When one person praises another, the goal is to manipulate someone who has less ability than you. It is not done out of gratitude or respect.
Being praised is what leads people to form the belief that they have no ability.
When one is sad, one should be sad to one's heart's content.
Contribution to others, rather than being about getting rid of the "I" and being of service to someone, is actually something one does to be truly aware of the worth of the "I."
Objectives: to be self-reliant, and to live in harmony with society. Consciousness: I have the ability, and people are my comrades.
But I am sure that the reason people seek recognition is clear to you now. People want to like themselves.
If one just has community feeling, the desire for recognition will disappear.
Whether they are trying to be especially bad or trying to be especially good, the goal is the same: to attract the attention of other people, get out of the "normal" condition and become a "special being."
Why is it necessary to be special? Probably because one cannot accept one's normal self.
Being normal is not being incapable.
A well-planned life is not something to be treated as necessary or unnecessary, as it is impossible.
Life in general has no meaning. Whatever meaning life has must be assigned to it by the individual.
Ideas do not influence deeply when they are only taught as ideas and thoughts. If lived by the one who teaches it, if it is personified, the ideas appear in the flesh.
*Ri* is universal principles and *li* is skills acquisition. These are two wheels of a cart. Both are needed for the cart to move forward.
Action, in other words, was the virtue, and it spoke more loudly and eloquently than being "head smart."
Theory has become more important than action, domination more crucial than cooperation, ideas regarded more favorably than relationships.
Embodied knowledge is the skill to act appropriately at the appropriate time.
We are what we repeatedly do.